`.with_collection` supports Components with splatted KeywordArgs (#1560)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * `Component.with_collection` supports components that accept keyword arguments.

Reviewer: Can this be changed to "accept splatted keyword arguments"?  I believe defined keyword args are not a problem.

Author: That's much clearer!

## main

> * `Component.with_collection` supports Components whose initialize takes Keyword Arguments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Component.with_collection` supports components that accept keyword arguments.

```

Author: Much tighter, thank you!
